[12.0][IMP] Tax Adjustments for Thailand (#31)
OCA/l10n-thailand: l10n_th_vendor_tax_invoice/README.rst

- Click on Clear VAT button, the journal entry (cash basis) for clear undue will now be **Posted**
- To check Tax Invoice Number and Date in relevant journal items, go to Invoicing > Accounting > Journal Items, then click to expand

**Preparing Tax Adjustments**

- Use Developer Mode
- As admin, add access rights ``Show Full Accounting Features``
- Go to Invoicing > Configuration > Accounting > Taxes, create new Tax Scope ``Adjustment``

**Case Tax Adjustments**

> - Go to Invoicing > Accounting > Tax Adjustments, create journal entry directly new tax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to Invoicing > Accounting > Tax Adjustments
- Create journal entry directly to adjust tax (manually by accountant)
```

* Applicable to HR Expense too, when it also use Undue Tax (add depends on hr_expense)
* Add partner_id in account.payment.tax, to allow changing partner (mostly for expense case)

12.0.2.1.0 (2019-07-17)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * Add partne_id and fields Tax Thailand in Tax Adjustments Wizard (case Tax Adjustments)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add partner, invoice date/number and amount fields in Tax Adjustments Wizard (to comply with Thai tax report)
```
